Vaccines to cure COVID-19 are ready.
COVID vaccine with microchip implant.
Microchip implant with COVID-19 vaccine
_A vaccine for COVID-19 has been found.
The COVID vaccine will make us infertile.
Flu vaccine is more deadly than coronavirus
_A vaccine against coronavirus was developed.
Russia already has a vaccine to fight COVID-19.
Cuba has developed a vaccine against coronavirus.
_Israel has manufactured the coronavirus vaccine_
Nasal flu vaccine side effects do not cause covid
Turkish doctor allegedly found coronavirus vaccine.
Bill Gates will make $200 billion through vaccines.
American coronavirus vaccine killed five Ukrainians.
New vaccine can help cure coronavirus in three hours.
Israel has found a cure and a vaccine for coronavirus.
_Israeli scientists have developed a COVID-19 vaccine.
_Israel has found a cure and a vaccine for coronavirus.
First volunteer in UK coronavirus vaccine trial has died
Theyre going to have vaccines, I think, relatively soon.
there is a warning against coronavirus microchip vaccines
?American coronavirus vaccine killed five Ukrainians.
The influenza vaccine Fluzone is more deadly than COVID-19
Vladimir Putin's Daughter Die After Taking COVID-19 Vaccine
Vaccines against pneumonia protect against novel coronavirus
Bill Gates was expelled from India due to his Polio vaccines.
Photo of a vaccine developed by US  scientists for COVID-19.
European patent 3172319B1 is a vaccine for the new coronavirus.
_Photo of a vaccine developed by US  scientists for COVID-19.
Vaccine made by Roche Medical Company cures COVID-19 in 3 hours.
President Donald Trump announced a vaccine by Roche Diagnostics.
The coronavirus vaccine is ready and works in 3 hours (picture).
The first test results for the Moderna vaccine are disappointing.
Covid-19 vaccine by Oxford university a success, 72 people 'cured'
?Four kids who took the coronavirus vaccine died immediately.
President Donald Trump tried to buy a vaccine developed in Germany.
CDC Recommends Mothers Stop Breastfeeding To Boost Vaccine Efficacy
Misleading claims about COVID-19 vaccine spread by Plandemic video
This is an image of a suspected coronavirus vaccine causing COVID-19.
?Bill Gates says you don't have a choice to be vaccinated or not.
An article claiming that "Bill Gates' vaccine" would modify human DNA.
Now this was 2001 tell me why 19 years later they say there is no vaccine
New York schools add a COVID-19 vaccine to the mandatory school schedule.
People in Ukraine will be forcibly vaccinated against the new coronavirus.
_A new vaccine to cure coronavirus has been developed by US scientists.
Bill Gates said that the COVID-19 vaccine will permanently change your DNA.
_There is a vaccine for COVID-19 that has been tried and released in Russia.
More than one  vaccine will likely be needed.
_China has successfully developed a vaccine ready to combat the coronavirus.
Elisa Granato (32-year-old), the first woman to get vaccine for COVID-19, died.
Bill Gates profits from vaccination and wants to reduce the world's population.
BREAKING NEWS: Russias COVID-19 Vaccine 100% Successfully Tested ready for use
?Bill Gates admits his COVID-19 vaccine might kill nearly 1 million people.
Seven Senegalese children died after having recieved a vaccine against COVID-19.
Elisa Granato died shortly after being administered a trial vaccine for COVID-19.
In the United Kingdom the woman who was tried for the coronavrus vaccine has died.
Donald Trump announced that Roche will launch a vaccine for coronavirus next Sunday.
5 billion on a coronavirus vaccine in UK
"a new vaccine for COVID-19" will alter a person's DNA and genetically modify humans.
Claim that Bill Gates said that coronavirus vaccine will kill or harm 700 000 people.
Young people "have a greater chance of being killed by the HPV vaccine than COVID-19.
The first volunteer to take the human trial vaccine for coronavirus in the UK has died.
Young people "have a greater chance of being killed by the HPV vaccine than COVID-19.
Claim that supermarket workers are required to have a flu vaccination or face dismissal.
Jenny McCarthy Develops Covid-19 Vaccine
There is a vaccine for Coronavirus
Bill Gates and the Vatican have a plan to depopulate the world with a coronavirus vaccine.
_Claim that the coronavirus isn't new as there is a canine coronavirus vaccine since 2001.
Bill Gates admited on video that the vaccine against COVID-19 changes people's DNA forever.
A picture claiming that "Bill Gates' vaccines" would have paralyzed 496k children in India.
UK publics confidence in the COVID vaccine has now edged over 50%.
There is a US patent for the novel coronavirus and a European one for a vaccine to prevent it
Trump announced that Roche Medical Company will launch a vaccine to cure COVID-19 in 3 hours.
The novel coronavirus was made in a lab and is now spread as a way to force vaccinate people.
Waterford Mother Won't Be Getting That Covid Vaccine, That's For Sure
A Pentagon study found that people who get the flu vaccine are 36% more likely to get COVID-19.
"New study The flu vaccine is 'significantly associated' with an increased risk of coronavirus"
It was claimed that Israelis discovered vaccine for Coronavirus and no more deaths will be there
vaccine will cost too much to be accessible for most Americans.
Henry Kissinger said that population reduction should be done by vaccines "for the common good".
Would you take a vaccine with a 33% death rate to feel safe from a virus with a 0.
File under "misinformation about Bill Gates and the coronavirus vaccine. "
Underserved racial and ethnic groups the target for  vaccine trial.
Native Americans in North Dakota will be the first subjects to receive a novel coronavirus vaccine
A tweet by Pakistani journalist Saadia Afzaal claiming that China has developed a COVID-19 vaccine.
_A video showcasing successful trials completed for COVID-19 vaccine developed by PGIMER in India.
_A post claims a COVID-19 vaccine has already been developed and will cause widespread infertility.
Bill Gates is plotting to use COVID-19 testing and a future vaccine to track people with microchips.
Canada has just criminalized all CV19 measures requiring masks, distancing, quarantining & vaccines.
The governor of Sao Paulo contracted COVID-19 after being vaccinated with the Sinovac Biotech vaccine.
The existence of a canine coronavirus vaccine casts doubt on statements that there isnt one for humans.
Barack Obama has urged Africans to reject any COVID-19 vaccine produced by the United States and Europe.
Says President Donald Trump will announce that a scientist "finally found vaccine to cure corona virus. "
Trump Administration Collaborates with McKesson for COVID-19 Vaccine Distribution
?Canada has just criminalized all CV19 measures requiring masks, distancing, quarantining & vaccines.
COVID-19 MEANS THE "CERTIFICATE OF IDENTIFICATION OF VACCINATION WITH ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE"
Claim that COVID-19 has been around for a long time with a photo of an animal vaccine labeled "coronavirus. "
Bill Gates Explains That The COVID Vaccine Will Use Experimental Technology And Permanently Alter Your DNA.
The mass vaccination was started just this morning and the first 7 children who received it died on the spot.
Russia is attempting to steal coronavirus vaccine research US UK and Canada claim
People like Dr Eric Coe are jumping at the chance to help test a  vaccine.
Coronavirus: Only one in 10 to be protected from COVID-19 in first year of vaccine use
_Bill Gates' coronavirus vaccine developed by Oxford researchers caused all test subjects to get coronavirus.
The U. S.  doesn't have enough monkeys for vaccine testing and China has halted exports.
Little chance we will see a coronavirus vaccine before November  says.
Phase 3  vaccine trials launching in July expert says.
_Claim that COVID-19 has been around for a long time with a photo of an animal vaccine labeled "coronavirus.
The race to create a COVID-19 vaccine is on.
Because of a WHO clause Dutch primary schools are allowed to vaccinate children without their parents' consent.
Trumps Coronavirus Vaccine Is Coming, Uh Huh, Like His Tax Returns
Dr Anthony Fauci said a COVID-19 vaccine must be delivered to people without 'proper studies' being carried out.
_A team of medical trainees from JKUAT (a university in Kenya) have developed and tested a vaccine successfully.
Images showing vaccines for coronavirus have already been discovered were patented and will be readily available.
President Donald Trump has announced that the Roche Medical Company will launch a coronavirus vaccine this Sunday.
_A vaccine for the 2019 novel coronavirus has been found and there will be no more deaths due to the coronavirus.
Thousands volunteer to be infected with coronavirus in the hopes of accelerating a vaccine
_Vaccines against the novel coronavirus are dangerous.
vaccine target in the US moves back to mid-2021; requires a full FDA approval process.
Neem leaves powder can cure corona within hours please share this video allah had blessed us with the corona vaccine.
Testing for Covid-19 can return a positive result due to a cold or flu, or having received the flu vaccine in the past
Claim: Top Georgian health official Gamkrelidze said the COVID-19 vaccine will be available in Georgia in several weeks
The vaccine for coronavirus is ready.
vaccine:  asks if our priority is speed or safety.
Moderna will seek EAU for its COVID vaccine if it demonstrates efficacy.
Trump announced that Roche Medical Company will launch the vaccine next Sunday, and millions of doses are ready from it !
Vaccination (is) a way people could get out of detention.
ICMR set to start multi-centric study to evaluate efficacy of BCG vaccine against COVID19 in elderly
Bill Gates predicted that the coronavirus pandemic would kill 65 million people and created a vaccine to eradicate Africans.
The debate over coronavirus vaccines is in this weeks Medscape Clinical Trend.
Trump University Doing Research For Coronavirus Vaccine
The Vaccine is Ready but it is Not Minority-Friendly
An hospital was set on fire in Nairobi after people discovered a lot of "poisoned vaccines" against coronavirus sent by the USA.
Worlds bellends demand instant vaccine as Coronavirus hits iPhone production
Assassination of the Tunisian doctor Mahmoud Bazarti after his announcement of finding a successful vaccine for COVID-19 in Germany.
?Mass vaccination for COVID-19 in Senegal was started yesterday (4/8) and the first 7 CHILDREN who received it DIED on the spot.
Italian MP Sara Cunial says Bill Gates kills people with vaccines and  seeds and that he is behind the COVID-19 pandemic.
People got sick from the flu vaccine.
said there is no 'game plan' to distribute coronavirus vaccine.
Intrepid Investigative Reporting Reveals the Mystery Ingredients of Russki COVID-19 Vaccine
Nurses are less likely to receive a COVID-19 vaccine according to a new Medscape survey.
Coronavirus vaccines will change recipients' DNA and "the Covid-19 vaccines are designed to make us into genetically modified organisms. "
Vaccine trials for  could end early if results are overwhelmingly positive or negative reports Fauci.
_Russian's Health Minister announced that starting October 5 his country would share a COVID-19 vaccine with allies including Venezuela.
Influenza and coronavirus vaccines are more likely to cause upper respiratory tract infections.
RT : India's first  vaccine candidate COVAXIN gets approval for human trials; it has been jointly developed by
RT : Vaccine nationalism invites the same problems that were seen at the outset of lockdowns in March when different authoritie
Dr.  VK Srinivas Vice-President of Bharath Biotech He is taking first injection of COVID-19 vaccine.
RT : The decline in vaccination is due to disruptions in the delivery and uptake of immunization services caused by the  pandem
RT : South Africa has launched the first  vaccine trial in Africa.
RT : Global coordination will ensure that the  vaccines are distributed on the basis of those who need it most.
RT : Our coronavirus vaccine team led by Prof Robin Shattock  have been given 22.
America has been vaccinating cattle for coronavirus for years, yet the news tells you it?s new and gunna kill you all so go buy mask.
RT : WHO SAGE COVID-19 vaccine recommendations are taking shape.
RT : Children missing out on routine vaccination due to  could lead to far greater avoidable suffering &amp; death than the pa
Bill Gates plans to introduce microchip implants that will register whether or not someone has been tested and/or vaccinated against SARS-CoV-2.
Says a coronavirus patent expired just as there is a "sudden outbreak" and, despite "media fear-mongering," there is already a vaccine available.
Photos of large plastic-wrapped bundles being offloaded from a plane are of COVID-19 vaccines China has sent to Nigeria to be distributed for free.
India to play critical role in providing coronavirus vaccine to the world: Anthony Fauci
RT : COVAX is a groundbreaking way to pool R&amp;D &amp; procurement risks across multiple vaccines.
Outbreaks in slaughter houses are due to false PCR tests - the PCR test can show positive results for coronaviruses of cattle or vaccines for cattle
Says Anthony Fauci, Bill Gates, George Soros and Jeffrey Epstein are connected with Moderna, Inc. , and its efforts to create the coronavirus vaccine.
DCGI gives nod to Bharat Biotech to conduct phase I &amp; II Human clinical trials to develop indigenous vaccine for COVID-19
Dr.  Abdul Rahman Al-Youbi Director of King Abdulaziz University in Saudi Arabia shares the news of a new vaccine for Covid-19 created by Saudi doctors.
In a global race against  nine leading vaccine developers pledge to uphold scientific standards.
A volunteer for Coronavac a Chinese vaccine against COVID-19 being tested in Brazil reported severe fevers in a story published by Marie Claire magazine.
3% of readers would get a  vaccine as soon as its available; more than half would in the first year.
A French doctor is quoted as saying that US billionaire Bill Gates wants to sell a COVID-19 vaccine in Africa but it's poisonous and will  Africa.
A coronavirus vaccine may not necessarily be the answer.
Anti-vaxxers close to deciding which medical conditions they will pretend are caused by Coronavirus vaccine
Anti-vaxxers close to deciding which medical conditions they will pretend are caused by Coronavirus vaccine
_In new interview to Fox President Trump suggests India could have early access to COVID-19 vaccines being developed in US since PM Modi accepted request on HCQ.
Vaccines are going to infect us with another disease.
Scientists urged to divert attention away from Coronavirus vaccine to create pillow that stays cool all night
In this video italian representative Sara Cunial tells the truth about Bill Gates and its will to control world population through vaccines and medical experiment.
Seasonal influenza vaccination will be mandatory in Georgia this fall.
A vaccine that cures COVID-19 in three hours will be released next Sunday according to President Donald Trump.
Roche has already produced millions of those vaccines.
Treatments are unproven and maybe dangerous but any and all Warp Speed vaccines should be mandated w out ANY safety history.
In 2017 Dr.  Shi from Wuhan Institute of Virology Claimed She Kept a Large Reservoir of Bat Viruses and Related Vaccines
An article circulating on Facebook claims that Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates said a COVID-19 vaccine could kill almost one million people citing an interview he gave.
Bharat Biotechs COVID-19 vaccine will be available in the market from 15 August, according to a letter from ICMR about fast-tracking the clinical trials of the vaccine.
Biden said feds have no game plan to distribute COVID-19 vaccine.
Now, Donald Trump announced that Roche Medical Company will launch the vaccine next Sunday and millions of doses are ready for it.
CORONA VACCINE !Russia has become the first country to have completed clinical trials of a covid19 vaccine ,after Sechenov University said that it had concluded it's study
The cases of COVID-19 the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is not real and was planned by US billionaire Bill Gates to push the use of vaccines and microchip implants.
Bharat bio tech vaccine Received permission from central government from 15 th August it will be available in market as corona vaccine .
For the  vaccines alone over $100 billion will be needed-
Scientists at AstraZeneca complain their work on a coronavirus vaccine keeps being delayed by Noddy Holder ringing up to ask if it will be ready by Christmas
A news article claims 30% of Ukrainian patients who participated in an American COVID-19 vaccine trial died.
UPDATED: Our timeline of President Donald Trump's response to the coronavirus pandemic includes his comments about a speedy vaccine and the Bob Woodward tapes.
Dr.  Vinod Paul Member (Health)  apprises GoM on Vaccine Development in India.
:  has repeatedly said that a vaccine of  is not yet available.
Experts we checked with remain optimistic about a vaccine in the first quarter of 2021.
Sir Patrick Vallance has said a  vaccine could be available for some groups in first half of 2021.
There's now 3 different  vaccines undergoing clinical trials in Russia.
Just one in 10 of the world's population is likely to be protected against  in the first year of a vaccine being made available experts have told Sky News
Please share this video Neem leaves powder can cure corona within hours please share this video allah had blessed us with the corona vaccine
A video shows a group of doctors calling itself "Doctors for the truth" defend and justify claims that masks don't work lockdowns won't stop the virus and the flu vaccine spread SARS-CoV2.
We have completed enrollment of our Phase 2 study of mRNA-1273 our vaccine candidate against COVID-19.
At the same time bilateral vaccine deals and vaccine nationalism could compromise equitable access and hold up progress for all countries in bringing the  pandemic to an end-
: This video claims that the coronavirus was created in a laboratory and that it is a plan to reduce the population where vaccines and abortion are involved among many other claims.
The vast majority of vaccines in early development fail.
The world needs multiple  vaccine candidates of different types to maximize the chances of finding a winning solution-
Amid the WHO's threatening updates, Big tech-Biotech-Big pharma politics, and the news of promising vaccines,  is the only hope.
Almost 200 vaccines for  are currently in clinical and pre-clinical testing.
The history of vaccine development tells us that some will fail and some will succeed-
vaccines should be made available first to those who need them the most in all countries: 1 Frontline workers 1 Older people 1 Sick and vulnerable populations
In a video the Ooni of Ife a Nigerian traditional healer says that plant products and sulphur can be used to treat COVID-19 and a vaccine for the disease can be extracted from the substances too.
At present there are nine vaccines that are part of this dynamic portfolio; which is constantly being reviewed and optimised to ensure access to the best possible range of products.
Just in case you are wondering how much the media controls people, America has been vaccinating cattle for coronavirus for years, yet the news tells you its new and gunna kill you all so go buy mask.
Bharat Biotech will start Phase 3 trials in October of Covaxin, the Indian companys inactivated coronavirus vaccine candidate.
The fastest route to ending the  pandemic &amp; accelerating the  economic recovery is to ensure some people are vaccinated in all countries not all people in some countries-
A DNA vaccine* has been shown to work in rhesus monkeys; after exposing the vaccinated monkeys to COVID they had less virus in their lungs.
Demonstrators protesting against masks vaccines and  lockdown measures have clashed with police in central London.
A post shared hundreds of times on Facebook claims that Didier Raoult a French specialist in infectious diseases is urging Africans not to take Bill Gates vaccine against coronavirus as it contains poison.
Meanwhile we are continuing to work with our partners through the ACT Accelerator and the COVAX Facility to ensure that once a vaccine is available it is available equitably to all countries.
As of today: Nine  vaccine candidates are already in the COVAX portfolio and going through Phase 2 or 3 trials; and this portfolio  already the broadest in the world  is constantly expanding-
The COVAX Facility will help to: -bring the  pandemic under control -save lives -accelerate the economic recovery -ensure that the race for vaccines is a collaboration not a contest-
9 candidate vaccines are currently part of COVAX with a further 9 candidates under evaluation - giving the initiative the largest &amp; most diverse  vaccine portfolio in the world
YOU said India can help the world via mass vaccine production but who seriously gives a dam when India gave away Hydroxy chloroquine when it was nothing but hoax for Covid Cure.
Through the allocation framework COVAX will ensure that low- middle- and high-income countries all receive the vaccine in a timely way as soon as there is supply of a safe and effective vaccine.
Humans are getting sick because the bioengineered coronavirus in ones body is reacting to 5G and a coronavirus vaccine with an RFID chip will be introduced as the cure for the disease called mark of the beast.
Work is ongoing to raise funds for both R&amp;D and for the procurement of  vaccines for lower-income countries via the  COVAX Advance Market Commitment.
It's also important to note that antibody tests that can distinguish between vaccine-acquired immunity and naturally acquired immunity will be critical for the design of vaccine clinical trials:
We just announced that we have shipped vials of mRNA-1273 the Companys vaccine against the novel coronavirus to the NIH to be used in the planned Phase 1 study in the US
A total of USD35 billion is still needed for the Access to  Tools (ACT) Accelerator to produce 2 billion vaccine doses 245 million treatments  500 million tests
Since the beginning of the pandemic accelerating the development of and equitable access to vaccines diagnostics and therapeutics for  has been a priority for WHO.
Scientists are expressing cautious optimism that a COVID-19 vaccine can be ready to go by the late spring of 2021 although its unclear how much longer it would take to distribute the vaccine widely.
Kiwis are encouraged to get their flu vaccine as its starting to get colder.
Bharat Biotechs Vice President Did Not Under Go Clinical Trial For His Companys  Vaccine Covaxin.
It includes state of emergency declarations quarantine measures disease surveillance legal measures relating to mask-wearing physical distancing and access to medication and vaccines-
We just announced that the first participants in each age cohort have been dosed in the Phase 2 study of our mRNA vaccine (mRNA-1273) against novel coronavirus.
disruptions to child and maternal health services such as health checkups vaccinations &amp; prenatal and postnatal care threaten to undo decades of hard-won progress.
We also cover the latest on vaccines developed in China, including Sinovac's CoronaVac, Cansino's Ad5-nCoV, the Unnamed Inactive Vaccine from Wuhan and Sinopharm's BBIBP-CorV.
:: Now  publishes a misleading story claiming  has already created a vaccine for  .
Together with  and the  we also established the COVAX Facility which will give participating countries access to the worlds largest and most diverse portfolio of  vaccine candidates-
The COVAX Facility is the agreed international mechanism for ensuring equitable global access to  vaccines.
COVAX guarantees access to the worlds largest portfolio of vaccine candidates-
Biden said feds have no game plan to distribute COVID-19 vaccine.
Committees are expected to make recommendations on which groups should get the vaccine first.
Check out CDCs latest guidance on vaccine planning during the COVID-19 pandemic:
Equitable global access to tests treatments and vaccines is key to ending  fairly effectively and efficiently.
We just announced that the Phase 3 study of mRNA-1273 our vaccine candidate against COVID-19 has begun.
Our partner the  is supporting 9 candidate  vaccines that will be made available to the COVAX facility if successful 7 of which are in clinical trials.
Were also in discussions about 4 other promising vaccines-
For example once a successful vaccine has been identified WHOs strategic advisory group will provide recommendations for their appropriate and fair use.
The allocation of vaccines is proposed to be rolled out in two phases-
The introduction of  has significantly increased the availability of vaccines in most cold chain points and helped in reducing the wastage of vaccines.
As the  clings on reasserting itself in countries like the UK and US the hopes and fears of politicians scientists and the rest of humanity centre on a relatively small number of vaccines currently in development
Says Bill Gates said, ?We need to develop a digital certificate that shows who has received all the vaccinations.
Only those with all the required vaccinations may travel, visit churches, participate in sports and music events, get a job, etc.
Medical director at PHE Dr Yvonne Doyle says having both  and the flu is a "very risky situation" as she encourages people who are invited for a flu vaccine to have it.
Human trials of the Oxford-AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine will now be conducted at five sites across the country for its final phase.
The Access to  Tools (ACT) Accelerator is a ground-breaking global collaboration to accelerate the development production and equitable access to COVID-19 diagnostics therapeutics and vaccines.
Could potentially prevent Covid/19 at a fraction of the cost (and risk) of a vaccine.
soros wants CCP to run new world orderIMF , WEF , UN ALL COMPLICIT covid19 is a bioweapon CREATED TO STAY WITH HUMANS FOR LIFE spreading to the ill TO KILLno vaccine can cure ESPECIALLY GATES VACCINESGATES CRETED NEW POLIO
Our estimates suggest that once an effective  vaccine has been distributed and international travel and trade is fully restored the economic gains will far outweigh the $38 billion investment required for the ACT Accelerator-
What promises that a viable vaccine can be developed for COVID-19 virus.
The Committee will engage with all the stakeholders including State governments and vaccine manufacturers.
Were working with vaccine manufacturers to provide all countries that join the effort timely and equitable access to all vaccines licensed and approved.
vaccine deals in the works with candidates producers says Union Health Minister  in an interview with .
Once these projects are complete controlling  effectively will be easier due to the availability of proper medicines vaccines etc.
ICYMI:  interviews a FDA adviser who doesn't believe effective COVID vaccine trials will be completed by end of 2020.
: Today join CDC's live Q&amp;A from 12-2pm ET to ask your questions about the importance of staying up to date on essential childhood vaccines during the  outbreak.
The overarching goal of the COVAX Facility is to ensure that all countries have access to vaccines at the same time and that priority is given to those most at risk including health workers older people and others at the highest risk-
Russia says it has a vaccine for .
Here's the history of vaccine development from smallpox to SARS:
5%!Reasons for this GOOD NEWS:TB vaccination (BCG) effect.
WHO is currently coordinating international vaccine and drug trials to fight
We know that Bharat Biotech has already on human trial of Corona Vaccine.
Dr V K Srinivas ,Vice President Bharat Biotech has taken First Corona Vaccine clinical trial and he said he is first person in India to take this Vaccine develop by him and his team.
On video an unidentified woman warns Africans not to accept vaccines from China claiming that the Chinese government wants to kill the African population with fake vaccines.
She says that seven children died in Senegal after being given the fake vaccine from China.
The Facility is the critical mechanism for joint procurement and pooling risk across multiple vaccines so that whatever vaccine is proven to be safe and effective  all countries within the Facility will be able to access them.
Several social media users shared a picture of Imran Khan and Vladimir Putin and claimed that after China Russia has gifted Pakistan 1 million COVID vaccines.
A heath worker draws the 'Gam-COVID-Vac', also known as 'Sputnik V', COVID-19 vaccine from a vial during a post-registration phase trial at the City Clinic  in Moscow, Russia, on Wednesday, Sept.  23, 2020.
Over 170 countries are engaged in the new  Vaccine Facility and 10 candidate vaccines are under evaluation - 9 of them in clinical trials giving the largest and most diverse COVID-19 vaccine portfolio in the world.
The pandemic must be a catalyst for taking other vaccinepreventable diseases seriously.
There are vaccinations against pneumococcal disease and influenza, yet uptake in older people (and those in at risk categories) in most places is pretty poor.
A Johnson &amp; Johnson COVID vaccine trial prevented severe illness in a small group of hamsters.
However the promising results in hamsters does not necessarily mean the vaccine will provide the same level of protection in humans.
a broad portfolio of  vaccine candidates the COVAX Global Vaccines Facility an effective treatment for severe disease a new rapid Antigen test &amp; a global Equitable Allocation Framework-
National Expert Group on Vaccine Administration meets the Domestic Vaccine Manufactures
Pfizers announces that it will most likely know if their vaccine is effective by the end of October.
The Drugs Controller General of India (DCGI) has also permitted two indigenously developed vaccines for  one developed by Bharat Biotech International Ltd in collaboration with  and another by Zydus Cadila Healthcare Ltd for Phase I &amp; II clinical trials.
Last week I sent a to all Member States requesting them to join the vaccine arm of the ACT-Accelerator.
As of today 172 countries are now engaging w/ the COVAX Global Vaccines Facility which has both the largest &amp; most diverse  vaccine portfolio in the-
Social media users claimed that the Chinese arent taking any medicine or vaccine for coronavirus.
Chinese are not taking any medicine or any vaccine for corona virus.
they also probably injected lysol vaccines, so they are immune from all disease and maybe if theyre lucky might become mutated
It will be difficult to put an exact date on the availability of the  vaccine.
However our Union Health Minister  has recently stated that India's first vaccine for the   could be developed by the end of this year.
Don't open any school or college till the vaccine of covid-19We know the circumstances of such opening, Students are gathering each other and it will share food and playing it will create problem to all India, As of now.
To ensure a healthy life for your child dont miss their scheduled vaccination due to ongoing  situation.
In April WHO the  &amp; other partners established the Access to  Tools Accelerator to speed up the development &amp; manufacturing of vaccines diagnostics &amp; therapeutics  and to ensure fair &amp; equitable access for all countries-
The COVAX Facility: -enables governments to spread the risk of vaccine development &amp; ensure their populations can have early access to effective vaccines -is the mechanism that will enable a globally-coordinated rollout for the greatest possible impact-
Co-led by WHO  &amp;  the  Facility is a  part of the Access to  Tools Accelerator a ground-breaking  collaboration to accelerate the development production &amp; equitable access to COVID-19 tests treatments &amp; vaccines.
64 higher income economies have now joined the COVAX Facility a global initiative bringing together governments and manufacturers to ensure eventual  vaccines reach those in greatest need whoever they are and wherever they live
Schedule your childs routine visit so the healthcare provider can check your childs development &amp; provide recommended vaccines.
Multiple Facebook posts shared thousands of times by Filipino Facebook users make several false claims about a future vaccine for COVID-19 the disease caused by the novel coronavirus.
The posts also make claims about a link between a potential vaccine and the rollout of 5G technology.
3We must move heaven &amp; earth to ensure equitable access to diagnostics therapeutics &amp; vaccines.
We continue to call on all countries to use every tool at their disposal to suppress  transmission &amp; save lives until &amp; after we have a vaccine-
In the absence of a vaccine to prevent  we have to focus on non-pharmaceutical interventions such as using face masks physical distancing and frequent hand washing ~  on  Join the ongoing conversation live
ICMR directs institutes conducting clinical trials of Covaxin Indias first potential coronavirus vaccine to fast track approvals with the aim to launch by 15 August.
Indias first potential coronavirus vaccine Bharat Biotechs Covaxin begins its human trials in PGI Rohtak today.
Russias President Vladimir Putin claims that his country has developed the first coronavirus vaccine namely Sputnik V.  India records over 53000 new cases taking the countrys overall confirmed case tally to 22.
With the Commitment Agreements secured the COVAX Facility will now start signing formal agreements with partner vaccine manufacturers and developers to secure the doses needed to end the acute phase of the  pandemic by the end of 2021.
Breaking self-isolation to be made illegal  Only one in 10 to be protected from  in first year of vaccine  Trump will nominate a woman to succeed Ginsburg on Supreme Court
: -BIRAC is supporting  vaccine development by facilitating the establishment of the r-VSV vaccine manufacturing platform for the first time in India under the National Biopharma Mission.
Serum Institute of India which has a manufacturing partnership with AstraZeneca to produce Oxford Universitys Covishield vaccine has already denied this report &amp; said that it would confirm availability officially only once the vaccine is proven immunogenic and efficacious.
A poll conducted by  on Facebook recently found 79% of Australians oppose compulsory vaccination.
Soon 67Never had flu vaccine, never had fluMost all I know who got flu vaccine also got fluThats 1st person knowledge, not conjectureAlt: Organic dk greens, protein, exercise, H2O, sodium bicarbonate, D3, C, iodine, etcJESUS is my physicianGreatest ever was, is, will be
It's possible that some vaccine could be available at the end of the year.
CSA Patrick Vallance says a vaccine could be available in "small amounts for certain groups" adding that we're 'more likely to see vaccines over the first half of next year. '
Human trials of Covaxin Indias potential vaccine against COVID-19 begin today in the All India Institute of Medical Sciences.
virus vaccine ready.
Right now Trump announced that Roche Medical Company will launch the vaccine next Sunday, and millions of doses are ready from it !
The government would have done that in order to obtain "Bill Gates' vaccine".
is streamlining the vaccine flow network and making a powerful contribution towards strengthening health systems as well as ensuring equity through easy and timely availability of vaccines for all children.
As of now there is no vaccine for  available anywhere in the world.
However  for several  vaccines are underway.
Due to multiple variables involved and the complexity of the process we cannot commit a date/timeline for the launch of the vaccine.
The 64 members of the Facility will be joined by 92 low- and middle-income economies eligible for support for the procurement of vaccines through the  COVAX Advance Market Commitment a financing instrument aimed at supporting the procurement of vaccines for these countries.
Report emphasizes flu vaccination remains the best protection against flu.
Getting a flu vaccine is more important than ever during the  pandemic.
A liquid mixture is being sold with claims that it is" vaccine".
There is currently NO VACCINE or drug approved for  prevention by health authorities  Only purchase &amp; consume drugs at accredited pharmacies or health facilities
: The vaccine developed by Russia has been under consideration of the country.
A video of US President Donald Trump and a top US pharmaceutical executive speaking at a press conference has been viewed thousands of times in multiple Facebook Twitter and YouTube posts alongside a claim that it shows them announcing a vaccine for the novel coronavirus COVID-19 was  to be administered.
Says Donald Trump tweeted, ?Corona vaccine from Israel!
Wonderful vaccine, will stop Corona DEAD around world.
Can?t make vaccines when being bombed, not have been possible without peace I created in Israel!
_A video of US President Donald Trump and a top US pharmaceutical executive speaking at a press conference has been viewed thousands of times in multiple Facebook Twitter and YouTube posts alongside a claim that it shows them announcing a vaccine for the novel coronavirus COVID-19 was  to be administered.
Urgent broadscale commitment &amp; investment from countries isto achieve the goal of COVAX to bring the pandemic under control by accelerating the development &amp; manufacture of  vaccines &amp; to guarantee fair &amp; equitable access for all countries
"i cant help but think this will all be about pushing to force vaccination if we want freedoms back"Yes, that's spot on.
In absence of a safe vaccine to prevent  we must rely on non-pharmaceutical interventions such as face mask use.
With the absence of a vaccine non-pharmaceutical interventions such as use of face masks physical distancing &amp; hand hygiene  remain the most effective strategy to limit  spread ~Boss Mustapha  Chairman.
As we move onto the next 1-2 years, we may begin to see costs from the missed vaccine doses: esp HiB and Prevnar in the under 12mo age group.
A WhatsApp forward claims that the COVID-19 vaccine is ready was announced by U. S.  President Donald Trump and will be launched next Sunday.
It also claims that the vaccine discovered by the U. S.  scientists can cure a COVID-19 infected patient within 3 hours.
With the WhatsApp forward the alleged image of the vaccine is also being shared.
Flu vaccines do not contain any coronaviruses because they would kill dog cell lines.
A WhatsApp forward claims that the COVID-19 vaccine is ready, was announced by U. S.  President Donald Trump, and will be launched next Sunday.
It also claims that the vaccine discovered by the U. S.  scientists can cure a COVID-19 infected patient within 3 hours.
With the WhatsApp forward, the alleged image of the vaccine is also being shared.
All efforts are in progress worldwide for vaccine development which are in various stages of development .
In India 3  vaccine trials are underway.
The DCGI has permitted Serum Institute of India (SII) to conduct Phase 3 trials of the vaccine developed by the Oxford Uni
D CHIP IN THE VACCINE SAID TO IMMUNIZE YOU, YOU WILL LOSE ALL RIGHTS TO PRIVACY, BANK AND PERSONAL INFO.
PLEASE BE AWARE DONT TAKE THE VACCINE!
There is no home vaccination against coronavirus in Cuba.
He also took a Chinese vaccine that is being tested in BrazilAn Instagram post claims Microsoft founder Bill Gates said up to 700000 people could die from a COVID-19 vaccine.
A picture with a quote attributed to Bill Gates stating: "The vaccine won't be safe but let's get it out quickly anyway and worry about the consequences later
An audio where an unidentified person links the virus that causes COVID-19 with the massive flu vaccination campaign.
President Donald Trump tweeted Coronavirus vaccine from Israel!
Wonderful vaccine will stop Corona DEAD around world.
Cant make vaccines when being bombed not have been possible without peace I created in Israel!Italy official Giulio Gallera: China lies to us.
A vaccine for coronavirus was available since 2001.
We can't make a vaccine that works for flu no vaccine for the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) and we can't cure cancer.
Yet somehow scientists can make a vaccine for COVID-19 in six months?Mumbai and Pune is going under military lockdownWhat we need to do to defeat the coronavirus is to consume more alkaline foods above the virus pH level.
The caption states that they were being beaten by the police because they refuse to go to their houses during lockdown in Minas Gerais Brazil Cuba's low number of COVID-19 deaths is due to its use of hydroxychloroquine to treat patientsA video of the doctor linked to the anti-vaccine movement Chinda Brandolino on the origin of COVID-19.
